Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject. So you know you are getting the best possible information.
Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.
No, I'm not going to tell them about the downsizing. If a patient has cancer, you don't tell them.
An office is for not dying. An office is a place to live life to the fullest, to the max, to... An office is a place where dreams come true.
Make friends first, make sales second, make love third. In no particular order.
Well, it's love at first sight. Actually, it was... No, it was when I heard her voice. It was love at first see with my ears.
Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked, but it's not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
I don't hate it. I just don't like it at all and it's terrible.
I'm not superstitious but I am a little stitious.
I am Beyonce, always.
The worst thing about prison was the dementors.
I say dance, they say 'How high?'
I love inside jokes. I'd love to be a part of one someday.
Tell him to call me ASAP as possible.
Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice, strike three.
Dwight you ignorant sl**.
I want you to rub butter on my foot...Pam, please? I have Country Crock.
I would say I kind of have an unfair advantage, because I watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and I learn. I absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. Actually, I probably learn more from the losers.
Toby is in HR which technically means he works for corporate. So he's not really a part of our family. Also he's divorced... so he's not really a part of his family.
If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.
Jan is cold. If she was sitting across from you on a train and she wasn't moving, you might think she was dead.
I don't come up with this stuff, I just forward it along. You wouldn't arrest the guy who was just passing drugs from one guy to another.
Friends joke with one another. 'Hey, you're poor.' 'Hey, your momma's dead.' That's what friends do.
-- About 40 times a year, Michael gets sick but has no symptoms. Dwight is always gravely concerned.
I'm sinking a few, you know. Swish, swish, swish. Nothing but net. And their jaws just dropped to the floor. African-Americans!
Any man who says he totally understands women is a fool. Because they are un-understandable.
I had a great summer. I got west nile virus, lost a ton of weight. Then I went back to the lake. And I stepped on a piece of glass in the parking lot, which hurt. That got infected. Even though I peed on it...
I would not miss it for the world. But if something else came up I would definitely not go. 
This is our receptionist, Pam. If you think she's cute now you should have seen her a couple years ago.
Sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that's always trying to teach people things. Sometimes you just have to be the boss of dancing.
Presents are the best way to show someone how much you care. It's like this tangible thing that you can point to and say, ‘Hey, man, I love you this many dollars worth.’
I took her to the hospital. And the doctors tried to save her life, they did the best they could. And she is going to be okay.
Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that’s baloney, because grief isn’t wrong. There’s such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown.
Ok, too many different words from coming at me from too many different sentences.
I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do.
Hi, I'm Date Mike. Nice to meet me. How do you like your eggs in the morning?
It is St. Patrick's Day….It is the closest that the Irish will ever get to Christmas.
I don't understand. We have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but he didn't even work here.
It's a pimple, Phyllis. Avril Lavigne gets them all the time and she rocks harder than anyone alive.
Is there something besides 'Mexican' you prefer to be called? Something less offensive?
Don't ever, for any reason, do anything for anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. No matter where. Or who, or who you are with, or where you are going or... or where you've been... ever. For any reason, whatsoever.
No, Rose, they are not breathing. And they have no arms or legs...Where are they? You know what? If we come across somebody with no arms or legs do we bother resuscitating them? I mean, what quality of life do we have there?
Abraham Lincoln once said that, 'If you're a racist, I will attack you with the North.' And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace.
They say that your wedding day goes by in such a flash that you're lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake. I say that's crazy. I say let them eat cake. Margaret Thatcher said that about marriage. Smart broad.
Two weeks ago, I was in the worst relationship of my life. She treated me poorly, we didn't connect, I was miserable. Now, I am in the best relationship of my life, with the same woman. Love is a mystery.
I’m an early bird and I’m a night owl. So I’m wise and I have worms.
Here it is, heart of New York City, Times Square... named for the good times you have when you're in it.
I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It's every parents' dream.
Webster's Dictionary defines wedding as: The fusing of two metals with a hot torch.
I guess the attitude that I've tried to create here is that I'm a friend first and a boss second and probably an entertainer third.
Yes it is true! I, Michael Scott, am signing up with an online dating service. I need a username and I have a great one. Little Kid Lover. That way people will know exactly where my priorities are at.
If you don't like it, Stanley, you can go to the back of the bus...Or the front of the bus or drive the bus.
If you break that girl's heart, I will kill you. That's just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl's heart, I will literally kill you and your entire family.
Reverse psychology is an awesome tool. I don't know if you guys know about it, but, basically, you make someone think the opposite of what you believe. And that tricks them into doing something stupid. Works like a charm.
How to take off a woman's bra: You just twist your hand until something breaks.
You will not die! Stanley! Stanley! Barack is President! You are black, Stanley!
I don't want any special treatment, Pam. I just want you to treat me like you would some family member who's undergone some sort of serious physical trauma. I don't think that's too much to ask.
I want today to be a beautiful memory that the staff and I share after I have passed on to New York. And if Toby is a part of it, then it'll suck.
I think Angela might be gay. Could Oscar and Angela be having a gay affair? Maybe! Is that what this is about?
That was offensive and lame. So double offensive. This is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here.
Oh, this is gonna feel so good getting this thing off my chest... that's what she said.
It's never too early for ice cream, Jim. But we didn't have any ice cream, so this is mayonnaise and black olives. It's comfort food, alright?
Oh, look! A Sbarro. My favorite New York pizza joint. And I'm going to go get me a New York slice!
I guess I’ve been working so hard, I forgot what it’s like to be hardly working.
You may look around and see two groups here: white collar, blue collar. But I don't see it that way, and you know why not? Because I am collar-blind.
Well, well, well, how the turntables.
We're all homos. Homo... Sapiens.
You cheated on me? When I specifically asked you not to?
Saw Inception. Or at least I dreamt I did.
Oh God, my mind is going a mile an hour.
I have got to make sure that YouTube comes down to tape this.
He's not the worst. Okay? He's not the worst. You know who's the worst? That intern we had a few years ago. That guy. Remember? That face, how ugly he was? He was the worst. Good worker, though.
When I was five, I imagined that there was such a thing as a unicorn. And this was before I had even heard of one, or seen one. I just drew a picture, of a horse, that could fly over rainbows, and a had a huge spike in its head. I was five! Five-years-old. Couldn't even talk yet.
I hate so much about the things you choose to be.
Hate to see you leave but love to watch you go. 'Cause of your butt.
Well, happy birthday Jesus. Sorry that your party's so lame.
It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore.
Do you think that doing alcohol is cool?
Look at those wrinkles. Blacks do crack. Not crack the drug.
It's simply beyond words. It's incalculable.
Jim and I are great friends. We hang out a ton, mostly at work.
I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good.
It was on company property, with company property. So, double jeopardy, we're fine.
Bros before ho**. Why? Because your bros are always there for you. They've got your back after your hoe rips your heart out for no good reason. And you were nothing but great to your ho*. And you told her she was the only ho* for you. And that she was better than all the other hoes in the world. And then, suddenly she is not your ho* no mo.
I enjoy having breakfast in bed. I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me. And since I don't have a butler, I do it myself. So most nights before I go to bed, I will lay six strips of bacon out on my George Foreman Grill. Then I go to sleep. When I wake up, I plug in the grill, I go back to sleep again. Then I wake up to the smell of crackling bacon.
I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail. I feel like I'm dying inside. I feel like Neve Campbell in Scream II. She thinks she can go off to college and be happy and then the murderer comes back and starts killing off all of her friends. I learned a lot of lessons from that movie, this is just one of them.
I'm making some cosmetic tweaks to help create a more appealing environment. Is that dishonest? Well, think of it this way: when you look in the mirror and you see your push-up bra and your fake eyelashes and your make-up and your press-on nails; the principles that I am applying to the office are the same ones that have made Lady Gaga a star... or any number of drag queens.
I stole...and I robbed...and I kidnapped the president's son...and held him for ransom... And I never got caught neither.
I am a huge Woody Allen fan. Although I've only seen 'Antz.' But I'll tell you something, what I respect about that man is that when he was going through all of that stuff that came out in the press, about how 'Antz' was just a ripoff of 'A Bug's Life,' he stayed true to his films. Or at least the film that I saw, which, again, was 'Antz.' Thing is, I thought 'A Bug's Life' was better, much better than 'Antz.' Point is, don't listen to your critics. Listen to your fans.
I am a theatrical person. Growing up I always thought I would become an actor, because, I have these memorization tricks that I use. For instance, I learned the Pledge of Allegiance by singing it to the tune of Old Macdonald: I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America / And to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God. / With a woof woof here and a woof woof there, here a woof, there a woof, everywhere a woof woof.
Hi Holly, it's Michael. I just wanted to call and let you know that I was thinking about what you said, it's just... you know? It's weird, today I ended up seeing a lot of the women that I used to date, and in my mind they were all great, and then when I actually saw them it was mostly a freak show. And you and me, that must've been a real train wreck. You know what? Holly, you're wrong. You are wrong. I remember every second of us, and talking to you today, I-don't-feel for them anything like what I feel for you. It's... I didn't joke with any of them, I joked with you, you were the only one who was actually happy to hear from me, and I don't know why you downgraded what we had, but I did not make us up. Ok. Oh, and you might... you should talk to a doctor because you might have herpes. Bye!
The world sends people your way. Ryan came to me through a temp agency. Andy was transferred here. No idea where Creed came from. The point is, you just have to play with the cards that you're dealt. Jim, that guy is an Ace. Dwight is my King up my sleeve. Phyllis is my Old Maid. Oscar is my Queen. That's easy. Give me a hard one. That's what Oscar said. Toby is the Instruction Card you throw away, Pam is a solid 7, and you know, Ryan is probably like a 2. Sometimes 2s can be wild, so watch out. And I'm obviously the Joker.
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
I love Burlington Coat Factory.
PowerPoint. PowerPoint.
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!
NO! GOD! NO GOD PLEASE NO! NO! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I am downloading some n3p music.
WHERE ARE THE TURTLES?!
It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore.
You know what's gonna be on your tombstone? "Loser."
I don't want to do anything. I'm dying.
I. Understand. Nothing.
I feel very blessed.
I am dead inside.
You are a thief of joy.
PARKOUR.
Okay, I am going to throw up.
I am a victim of a hate crime.
I don't need fresh air. Because I have the freshest air around. A/C.
I'm optimistic, because every day I get a little more desperate.
Oh my God! Okay, it's happening!
I've made some empty promises in my life.
I hate looking at your face. I wanna smash it.
Only thing that could make this day better is ice cream.